docs: update pricing principles (#11526)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/feature-pricing.md

However, when one of our products has a fundamental dependency on another of our products, we should aim to bundle the cost of the dependencies in with the product's pricing so customers only pay once for using a given product.

For example, when someone calls a feature flag, we send a `$feature_flag_called` event so we can have stats. In this case, we don't charge for those events, as the events are solely related to feature flags.

### Features that increase our stickiness should be free (with a reasonable limit)

A good question to ask yourself here is, "If I were to switch away from PostHog, would I feel like I am losing anything by switching?"

For example, if someone were to consider moving from PostHog to some other provider, cohorts would need to be manually recreated in the other provider, which would be tedious. However, something like Web Performance just happens and doesn't require any user involvement, so isn't sticky.

### Products should work independently but shine together

> Each product should be usable on its own. For example, session replay can be enabled independently of other products. But to get the most value out of it, it's best to use it together with product analytics. This enables users to filter recordings based on e.g. URLs and person profile properties, such as email or organization. Similarly, you can use error tracking on its own, but it's a lot more powerful if you also use session replay, enabling you to easily click through to the recording of a session where the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each product should be usable on its own. For example, session replay can be enabled independently of other products. But to get the most value out of it, it's best to use it together with our other products. This enables users to have rich filters using the data from the other parts of PostHog. Similarly, you can use error tracking on its own, but it's a lot more powerful if you also use session replay, enabling you to easily click through to the recording of a session where the error occurred.
```

so the para remains true even if we improve replay filtering
